Enano 1.0RC2 - Known Issues and Bugs
---------------------------------------------------------------------

In the Javascripted Access Control List editor, the text "on this
page" appears at the top of the editor window, even if the user
selected that the rule affect the entire site. This does not affect
the behavior of the rule; it will still affect the entire site. This
bug has been fixed in upstream.

The Javascripted ACL editor currently is not supported in Internet
Explorer. The safe (non-JS) version of the editor is used instead.
There is no planned fix for this, the workaround is to use Firefox.

On seemingly random occasions, the "more options" menu on some pages
does not show when the mouse is hovered over it. The only known
workaround at this point is to reload the page. The bug seems to be
more prevalent on Windows systems.

The RenderMan class is in a state of transition - the wikiFormat
method is unchanged but a new next_gen_wiki_format method has been
added. The new method is parameter-incompatible with the old
wikiFormat, so developers should continue to use wikiFormat for the
time being. This transition will be finalized in Banshee.

The Moderators group never got included in the schema. Whoops...
To create it just create a group as normal in the admin panel and
MAKE SURE IT HAS group_id 3! If it doesn't then do a manual SQL
query to set it to group_id 3. This will be fixed in the gold
release for sure.

The search box is visually distorted. The cause of this is not known.

The Links sidebar block is empty by default. Want to contribute some
filler HTML that doesn't suck? Be my guest!

The files table is borked. I don't know how or why, but somehow the
updated structure apparently didn't make it into RC1 OR RC2. This
applies ONLY to installations, and not upgrades. Fixed in 1.0.

It is possible to inject PHP into pages by using the <?php and ?>
tags as normal, even when not logged in.

OK, I was only KIDDING on that last one.


Enano 1.0RC1 - Known Issues and Bugs
---------------------------------------------------------------------

First and foremost, changing a user's password, either from the
preferences page or the admin panel, DOES NOT work. The password
reset feature is working properly. A fix for this issue will be
included in RC2 (Clurichaun).

The Javascripted ACL editor currently is not supported in Internet
Explorer. The safe (non-JS) version of the editor is used instead.

Uploaded files are checked based on their extension, not with a
MIME magic file like they used to be. Depending on what kind of
feedback I get, I can re-enable FileInfo support. Much of the code
is already there, just commented out.

Setting up Enano on servers running IIS is currently very difficult,
but it is doable. Make sure that you use a newer version of PHP (5.x)
because PHP4 has some issues with the MySQL client library.

Reverting file creation doesn't work. Need to rewrite rollback code
for the files table.

There's more. I can't think of it right now, but the bugs are there.
If you find anything, please report it on
http://bugzilla.enanocms.org.

(Note - the bug tracker itself is still being set up, so that might
not work either)

